Clarify usage of resource_to_telemetry_conversion (#6076)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/otelcol.exporter.prometheus.md

When `include_target_info` is true, OpenTelemetry Collector resources are converted into `target_info` metrics.

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> OTLP metrics tend to have a lot of resource attributes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OTLP metrics can have a lot of resource attributes. 
```

Setting `resource_to_telemetry_conversion` to `true` would convert all of them to Prometheus labels, which may not be what you want.
Instead of using `resource_to_telemetry_conversion`, most users need to use `otelcol.processor.transform` 

> to convert OTLP resource attributes to OTLP metric datapoint attributes prior to using `otelcol.exporter.prometheus`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to convert OTLP resource attributes to OTLP metric datapoint attributes before using `otelcol.exporter.prometheus`. 
```

  }
}
```

> ## Creating Prometheus labels from OTLP resource attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create Prometheus labels from OTLP resource attributes
```
